d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\megaventory-delivery-report.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\megaventory-delivery-report.pdb
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\obj\Debug\megaventory-delivery-report.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\obj\Debug\megaventory-delivery-report.dll
d:\users\shakeel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\megaventory-delivery-report\megaventory-delivery-report\obj\Debug\megaventory-delivery-report.pdb
